Docs c z apply sentence style caps add term refs (#29892)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/customizing-devices.markdown

You can use the UI to change the entity ID and friendly name of supported entities. To do this:

> 1. Select the {% term entity %}, either from the frontend or by clicking the info button next to the entity in the Developer Tools "States" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the {% term entity %}, either from the frontend or by selecting the info button next to the entity in the Developer Tools "States" tab.
```

> 2. Click on the cog icon in the right corner of the entity's dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the cog icon in the right corner of the entity's dialog
```
